[Music]
as you know the Mahalakshmi principle
lies within all of you in the set and
once you are fed up with the falsehood
and also with the hypocrisy of people
you start seeking the truth within
that's how a new category of people are
born who are called
a seeker sadhakas they are very
different from others they don't care
for any but usual being or any power
position they want to seek the truth and
this category is the one you are and
that's why you have come to sahaja yoga
this comes from your past lives also for
many people I think is their past life
which has brought the seeking in them
also the fuels to which you have worn
you got fed up with it and you are
seeking the truth so now first of all to
understand Mahalakshmi principle we must
know that we have two other channels
into which we can jump one is the left
another is the right and it depends on
what sort of a background you had in
this life because of your background in
last life you have come to the right
path but last life is been covered by
this life the surroundings the country
in which you are born your friends
a society in which he lived has
dominated you in so many ways that the
Mahalakshmi principle doesn't express
itself in that full power
we should really suck in everything else
and put you on to the truth of a
situation now for a sahaja yogi to keep
his Mahalakshmi principle all right has
to always introspect not to look at
others but to introspect what am i doing
am i in the left side or on the right
side we said and what side I forward am
I in the center now how will you judge
the best is to feel your vibrations feel
your vibrations but sometimes you could
go so far to the left or to the right
that you just do not feel vibrations
your mileage may principle is not much
then you go on it's like a complete
derailment I should say a kind of a
slope on which you just go on falling
onto that so all these conditionings we
should watch out in ourselves and in
others how we have got these problems
that we slip out from the central path
imagine a train is going on a proper
railway track and suddenly it starts
moving this way or that way so when will
it end
into destruction but you have a way of
arranging that this derailment can be
brought back to the middle part
so in a very detached way if you look at
yourself like a witness and see for sure
not about others even when I give
lectures people start to how mother is
saying about somebody else no I'm saying
about you yourself so you watch out that
are you in the center or are you going
to the left or to the right first of all
those who are in the center should not
have any physical problems should be
able to completely cure themselves if
not others they should be able to cure
themselves secondly the person who is in
the center is a very peaceful person
he's never angry he might put up a show
that you are writing but he doesn't get
involved in to anger or any emotions
whatsoever he just watches and he can
act he can act to me in that feeding of
temper all so lust greed anything but
just to act because sometimes this
acting is needed so he can use it but
you should be sure first of all that you
are completely detached so first of all
before acting you must become a master
of acting and for that you have to
become yourself if you become yourself
then you are a master and you can see
where are you waiting now the difference
between a sahaja yogi and in sahaja yogi
who is like this as you say is this that
he is capable of going to the left or to
the right there are solid researchers
and they go on like this and there's no
progress imagine any aeroplane which is
wobbling like that will be on the ground
only nobody will be
to put it down in the air because god
knows what when will it fall down so for
any machinery we have to fix it up
properly first before we start working
it out to fix up our Mahalakshmi
principle you have to see that your
physical being is alright is normal no
problem I am NOT mean meaning the modern
ways of looking at health but that you
should feel healthy and happy you should
feel that there's no problem with your
physical being but if you were
complaining that I am here painting and
painting there then there's something
wrong this is the first criteria that
you are in the center then your
attention should be more towards nature
how the nature is how it is blossoming
how it is working out it should be
towards the sky stars and things just to
enjoy all the creation that is around
just to enjoy it
that's an enjoyment which is really so
surprisingly deep when you see something
beautiful scene or something you go to a
very beautiful place then a kind of a
joint that pours in you from your
sahasrara that also you must experience
also you must experience your
thoughtless awareness that is when you
look at something beautifully if you've
suddenly become thoughtless just start
seeing it the whole joy you start
pouring for you all of you can know
yourself very well because now you are
quite sensitive and you have your own
centers enlightened by my Lakshmi
principle the Kundalini has definitely
enlightened your Mahalakshmi principle
so you can always make up where are what
my chakras are how are they catching
where are they catching instead of
avoiding that you just work it out
what's the problem where is the problem
once you work it out then you'll be
surprised that as soon as your desire
goes inward the Kundalini itself will
rush through and she will cleanse your
chakras as I was telling you we do not
know our powers only one thing you have
to do is to desire you have to desire
that let my my vibrations be alright let
my chakras be cleared out let me be in
the center in the balance just you have
to desire but it's such a simple thing
to desire but that also we cannot do our
desires are something else not what we
have to be just you have to desire that
let me be a clean sahaja yogi let me be
a solid sahaja yoga there are media cars
who can never be I'm not talking about
them but so many can be very high up can
be very high up in sahaja yoga but their
desires are not yet being fully
manifested that is damping effect of so
many things I have told you about
so if supposing you have to pass the
plate then you don't get down on the way
somewhere and stay out in the same way
when your Kundalini has to rise you can
see everything that's happening but keep
yourself aloof because you have to reach
your point and that is through this
Mahalakshmi principle it nourishes our
brain our intellect everything
iterations this small actually principle
above all it is the balancing it
balances if you are over doing something
then it gives you a kind
of a bush if you are not doing anything
again it works in such a manner that it
balances so this is the guiding factor
for you this Mahalakshmi principle which
works out everything you can say that is
balancing the equilibrium and the wisdom
as the light of Mahalakshmi principle
starts the wisdom dawns upon the
greatest of all is the noun
love for God now for truth and you
thrive on that love just you are there
so this Mahalakshmi principle is to be
preserved and has to be always watched
and looked into and the blessings of
Mahalakshmi are so many that I tell you
I cannot even tell them in one lecture
I'll have to give at least ten lectures
but you yourself know what are the
blessings of Mahalakshmi principle is
the greatest is the complete self
contentedness absolutely self content
you don't want to grab something you
want to run after something it's
yourself content you don't want any
publicity you don't want any comfort
nothing you are comfortable in your
spirit this is the greatest blessing of
this Mahalakshmi music and if that is so
then why not we look after our
Mahalakshmi principle and forget about
the rest
last of all when it enters into your
brain then the Virata is manifesting and
you become collective absolutely perfect
such a beautiful thing is to be
collective there was a girl who went to
Sicily and she was in a restaurant in
something alone and then she looked at
somebody else and that girl also looked
at her and this one got up and came to
her and she said they were not bearing
matches they said have you been to Shri
Mataji yes have you been yes we are
sahaja Yogi's yes and then they just
embraced each other such joy in far fush
place somewhere in Sicily in a some
breast drawing magic they just got lost
but the feeling of oneness the
Brotherhood the friendship is so great
and so joyous
you don't think considered from what
country you are for where do you come
what is the color of your skin or what
is the religion you had followed what
your parents are just you just enjoy
meeting people this friendship
this joy comes from the same Mahalakshmi
principle she when she enlightens your
sahasrara in the sahasrara you get this
feeling of the whole and the feeling of
the whole is something so great
individualism people talk but it is
against the principle of whole who do
not know the whole you see talk of
individualism this individualism which
has worked all kinds of dangers for us
now we have to know that we are one with
the home of course we are individuals in
the sense that we we have different
different faces different roles
different living different relationships
but we belong to the whole
and this without us feeling that we are
part and parcel of the whole gives you
complete peace and complete protection
you never feel that something can happen
to know some accident will take place
all right will take place but nothing
will happen to me a massage so many
people have gained like this by allowing
themselves to make completely looked
after by this mahalakshmi's just
surrender to the Mahalakshmi principle
means that you give up your ego and you
give up your conditionings we were both
just surrendering you have Mahalakshmi
principle that's why Mahalakshmi is so
important
may God bless you